# AndroidUpgradeICSE2025
This is a github repository for the Appendix of AndroidUpgradeICSE2025, including the materials of questionnaire, interview guides, codebook, and other data. If the paper is accepted, we will add important document content from the this repository to the appendix of the published version of the paper.
- **Supplement A Codebook:** This is a codebook document that contains the content related to the Android upgrade process that we have collected from questionnaire research, interview records, and research papers. We have summarized and condensed the data collected, and listed the current status and challenges of each phase of Android upgrade in the codebook document.
- **Supplement B Questionnaire Design:** This is a questionnaire design document, which contains the background introduction of the questionnaire, the attribute distribution of the questionnaire researchers, the purpose, categories, and question stems of questions in the questionnaire. The completed and ordered version can be found in [Questionnaire Questions](./Questionnaire%20Questions.md). Since the questionnaire responses involve confidential content, the relevant results have been written in the codebook and the main text of the paper after summarizing and condensing.
- **Supplement C Interview Guide:** This is the design document of the interview guide, which includes the attribute distribution of interviewers, interview instructions, and interview questions. Due to confidentiality reasons, the interview results cannot be directly displayed. The relevant results have been written in the codebook and the main text of the paper after summarizing and condensing.
- **Supplement D Papers for triangulation:** This is the list of papers used for triangulation, where the contents of the papers are used to triangulate the data when summarizing the results of the questionnaires and interviews.
- **Supplement E Summary of Challenges with recommendations:** This is a summary document that summarizes the challenges and corresponding recommendations we observed throughout the research process.
- **Supplement F Statistical Data:** This is a document of statistical data description, through the form of charts to visualize the data we collected in the questionnaire research, which appeared in the paper, and we make it public in this repository as support for the paper.
- **Supplement G Review Rebuttal:** This is a document used to display the tables and images cited in the Review Rebuttal.
