# Supplement C Interview Guide

## Interviewed participants

Including one project manager, two Android architects, three senior developers, and three junior developers. 

| Participant ID | Participant Role             | Years of Experience | Field of Work                          |
| :------------- | ---------------------------- | ------------------- | -------------------------------------- |
| M1-HZY         | Project manager, Developer   | >10                 | Android team and upgrade management    |
| A1-HDZ         | Android architect, Developer | >10                 | Android System Architecture Management |
| A2-ZCL         | Android architect, Developer | >10                 | Android metrics                        |
| SD1-WP         | Senior developer             | 5-10                | Android System Development             |
| SD2-ZY         | Senior developer             | 5-10                | Android System Development             |
| SD3-CBW        | Senior developer             | 5-10                | Android System Development             |
| JD1-WPC        | Junior developer             | <5                  | Android System Development             |
| JD2-GYC        | Junior developer             | <5                  | Android System Development             |
| JD3-XS         | Junior developer             | <5                  | Android System Development             |

## Interview Introduction

- Thank you for your participation in our survey and for taking time out of your busy schedule to meet with us for an offline interview. Based on the previous questionnaire survey, we will conduct a series of targeted interviews to discuss some of the content in depth. The reason for organizing this interview is twofold: 1. The brief textual expressions in the questionnaire responses may bring misunderstanding, so we need to have a face-to-face and in-depth communication with you, in order to have a fuller and clearer understanding of the Android upgrade scenario; 2. We have questions and confusions about some of the professional terms, and we hope to get the answers and clarifications from you, the experts. During the interview, we would like to ask you a few questions about your personal background first, and then we will discuss about the Android upgrade practice.
- As the content of the interview process will be used for the writing of the thesis, and the related interview transcripts will be published publicly, we ask you to avoid sensitive content in the interview process as much as possible. If you accidentally mention information that needs to be kept confidential, please let us know and we will avoid mentioning it in the paper. After the paper is written, we will return the complete paper to you for review to avoid disclosure of confidential information.
- In order to avoid disclosure of personal privacy, we will take the form of text to record and save the interview process and information. We will remove private information from individuals and ensure that only core researchers can view the transcripts. After the interviews are organized, we will return the complete document to you for review to avoid missing information deletion.




## Interview Questions

*►[Personal Information]*

- What is your role in the Android development team? **(I1)**
- How many years have you been involved in Android-related work? **(I2)**

*►[Conflict prediction and architectural issues]*

- **Valid branches in Google's changed code:** 
   - What factors or empirical metrics are used to determine that branching or committing is effective and something to focus on?**(I3)**
   
- **Three merging strategies:**
   - What are the definitions of forward upgrade, reverse upgrade and merger upgrade in an Android upgrade scenario? **(I4)**
   - What is the difference between the three of them? **(I5)**

- **Time, Quality, Cost (TQC) Metrics:**.
   - What specific metrics do Android vendors use in baseline analysis to measure the effectiveness of upgrades? Is the use of absolute or relative values preferred? **(I6)**
   - What is the current approach to data collection and metrics? **(I7)**
   - What is the definition of a code staking point in an Android upgrade scenario? Does it refer to upstream and downstream code coupling points? Or downstream self-developed code feature modules that can exist stably in multiple versions? **(I8)**

- **Architecture Compatibility Issues:**
   - What types of adaptation issues are included with Google's architecture changes? **(I9)**
   - What is the impact of the structure change on each of the three merging strategies? What are the coping approaches? **(I10)**


*►[Conflict Reason and Conflict Type]*

- Is there a summary and focused analysis of recurring conflicts and conflict hotspots within the team?  **(I11)**
- Has the team summarized the antipatterns generated by the modifications? **(I12)**

*►[Conflict Resolution]*

- What are the current automated conflict solutions taken by Android vendors?  **(I13)**
- Have conflict resolution programs been categorized in the team? How have they been categorized and analyzed? **(I14)**

*►[Conflict Impact Analysis]*

- How do you measure the impact of conflict in your organization and the cost of deconfliction that comes with it? **(I15)**
- How do conflict blocks cause problems with compilation and testing through dependency effects after they have been resolved in the conflict resolution phase? What types of problems are caused? **(I16)**
- Can identifying the scope of influence of a code's dependencies help point out potential semantic conflicts? And thus reduce the number of errors reported during the compilation phase? **(I17)**
- How do you measure structuring debt problems in your organization and measure the impact of historical debt accumulation? **(I18)**

*►[Other]*

- Any comments or suggestions for improving the Android upgrade process? **(I19)**
- Any suggestions for improving the content of the questionnaire survey and the interview process? **(I20)**

